Detective, you have been assigned your first case. Here are the details.
Alex, a phone design engineer begins his day with zero focus.
He wakes up and immediately grabs his phone,
wasting time scrolling right through breakfast,
he arrives at the office without any plan or priority list.
His workday is a constant cycle of distraction.
Every notification, message and unplanned chat pulls him away from his tasks,
severely cutting his productivity.
Instead of finishing one job, he tries to do five things at once.
He also attends too many meetings, sitting through many where he isn't needed.
When deadlines get close, this chaotic style catches up to him,
leaving him feeling panicked, stressed, and tense.
Your job is to investigate and fix Alex's time management issues.